hey guys I'm gonna be doing a review on
my new hair straightener I got and I'm
not getting paid I just bought it
yesterday and I used it because I went
out to my friend's house so I used it
and it does work way better than my
before one my first one is a kanye one
is really always probably ten years old
and I've noticed that it wasn't like
working as well
and like when I straightened it after
like an hour or so my hair would get
wavy again cuz my hair is like naturally
wavy but it did I got Lena salon tools
hair straightener and it would I got it
from TJ Maxx on huge sales a hundred
dollars now I got it for 20 so it does
work really well cuz usually where the
most waves are are in the back of my
head and right now when I use this I
slept like it's still straight and
I absolutely love the straightener yeah
so I got this for $20 and one plus is
that it looks way better polka dots on
the side pinstripes pink I was like yeah
it's time to go get a new hair
straightener because I was getting sick
of this one I wasn't even straightening
you know I'm just like putting heat on
my hair but I'm not even straightening
if that makes sense
um I slept with my hair tonight and it's
not wavy at all and I'm very impressed
cuz usually when you like sleep with
your hair actually straight or whatever
it's supposed to like wave up you know
what it did it so this is what the whole
it's like you could curl with it too so
the place move and it has ultra heat
levels so right here when you plug it in
I hope you can see you press on see
there's an on/off switch and then I hear
there's a like temperature and the
highest temperature on this is 450
and the cord is really wrong so you
could go like when you were fit in the
grass it was really long and you could
also crawl with it like I said
anways it because it's the move the
plates are movable so you could just
take it and you know kind of if you want
you guys are like your tutorial that
I'll do one I really like this hair
strainer it's it was cheap because I got
it on sale at that time and also um
forgot to mention whenever I straighten
my hair I was used to Garnier Fructis
style sleek and shine flat iron
protector because this actually helps it
stay straighter and silkier when you
like when you're straining and also as a
you protect a in it which is good and
it's 48 hours straight finished this is
what the bottom looks like I got it for
about $4 I think and so this is what I
use and look let me show you the example
this this is like my mom's really
straight this doesn't have movable place
and you can't curl it cuz I tried it
before and you just do like like a
breakage in your hair and she's like
like lines right there and see how it's
like peeling off and stuff it's just
like kind of gross already and the
highest heat I don't know it's just up
to 25 but that's obviously not he it's
probably 25 is probably you like the 450
or 350 and this is con air by the way
and so you can see how it clips sound
like this but if you don't so you could
just like move this
this thing right here I don't know I
just found this out yesterday you move
this thing around so I should bring over
here you it doesn't really straighten
your hair see it doesn't clip down all
the way I don't know why they did that
but then you could like push it down
yeah so this straightener the cord is a
lot shorter
let me change something yeah so I don't
I definitely don't like this song I mean
I definitely do not like to taste
training anymore cuz at first I was like
I was in diet and out with the
straightener when I was straightening
I'm like why isn't it straightening you
know but then after my hair was super
straight the start my hair is like still
straight from yesterday outside you know
it was like kind of rain like not
raining these really kind of wet outside
you know and my hair didn't wave up
which is good so I really like this the
patterns really cute they had like one
in charities and stuff and like I said
I'm not getting paid to do this video I
just want to share with you guys this my
my new hair straightener and make sure
if you buy straighten your hair you
should try a thing now it's really good
I use it sprayed all over my hair and
then my hair's like Brad to straighten
it it feels like it's just like very
soft and silky and stuff so I just roll
this off like this so if you guys want
to like hair tutorial on waving your
hair with this let me know because I I
kind of want to do it too and this has
ultra smooth ceramic plates I'm just
kind of reading off the box no
adjustable temperature control 360
tangle free swivel cord which is amazing
ultra heat levels from 176 degrees to
450 like I said and it gets ultra fast
which is good because with Mike on air
one and you had to wait like literally
ten minutes but you know for this one it
took only like a minute or two for it to
heat up all the way and it also has a
hanging loop provides a convenient sword
solution which is amazing so I give this
rate from 1 to 10 I give it a 10 I
really love this hair straightener and
it's cute too so I'm so this is what the
box looks like one more time so that is
the whole box and yep I hope you guys
enjoyed
so not I'm not like you I love this one
ok my